Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org
First comb
First comb, for a life of mutual respect.
Second comb
Second comb, fly wing to wing.
Third comb
Third comb, forever united in heart.
Wan Yan
Do you like this outfit I made for you?
Isn it just like the one from back then
when we got married, exactly the same?
When the time comes tomorrow night,
we will continue the bond from our past life.
Nine-Bend Soul-Returning Lock
I get it now.
We still have to carve the key ourselves.
This is the hardest woodcarving technique.
Luckily I brought my carving knife.
Darn it, I think I forgot how to carve.
Then what do we do?
Lao Li
Just carve with whatever you have.
I believe in you.
Lao Li, hurry up!
I am about to pass out.
Lao Li, I can not hold on.
How much longer?
The key is done. Who do we save first?
Save her, save her! Save him!
Who exactly are we saving first?
Save him.
Listen to me, Lao Li, save her.
There are ten seconds left.
It is okay now.
This time it is really okay.
It is okay, it is okay.
It is okay now, yeah.
It is okay, okay, okay.
Since you already know who the killer is,
why have you still failed
to arrest him and bring him in?
Adjutant Nie, listen to me.
We will definitely make the most of the time.
There are only two days left.
If you still can not find the killer,
then we can only
use your head, Chief Su, to answer for it.
Let is go.
Send out all the officers.
You must catch Li Mudun.
Yes, Chief.
Wait.
If you see my daughter,
please bring her back safely.
Chief,
rest assured.
Lu Ban is Secret Art
is fake.
Fake.
How is that possible?
So many people, for this fake book,
have lost their lives.
And now it turns out to be a fake book.
Impossible.
The real book must be nearby.
It must be nearby.
Yes
Lu Ban's Secret Art
Look
Seven-Star Lamp
Also called the Soul-Returning Lamp
Tianshu, Tian Dian, Tianji
Kaiyang, Yaoguang
The oil in each lamp
is refined from the organs
of utterly evil people into corpse oil
At the Hour of the Pig on Ghost Festival
set the Seven-Star altar at the Yuheng Star position
Around the seven oil lamps
place forty-nine small lamps
to form the Seven-Star Lamp Life-Extending Array
Each day, the one extending life must use
the blood of virgin boys and girls
mixed with herbs to soak in and inhale its essence
Tomorrow is the Ghost Festival
Tomorrow at the Hour of the Pig
at the Yuheng Star position
the killer will set up the altar
and kill the last person
We must find the altar in advance
and stop the real killer
Arrest them for me
Li Mudun is not the real killer
Right now we need to stop the killer
from murdering the next victim
Chief Su has given the order
Arrest Li Mudun, seize him
No
As long as I am here
none of you can take them away
Young Miss
Adjutant Nie has already issued an ultimatum
If we still do not hand over Li Mudun
all of us, and your father too
will all be finished
Seize her
Young Miss
How about this
Let them go
You take me instead
Young Miss
All the responsibility
I will bear myself
Young Miss
My Young Miss
You do not understand how serious this is
If we delay
then let them go
Young Miss, Young Miss
Young Miss
Think of the bigger picture, go now
Go
Hurry, go
Young Miss
Go
Young Miss, take care of yourself
Young Miss, please do not make it hard for me
Please do not make it hard for me
What is going on
Who is there
Who is playing tricks and pretending to be a ghost
Young Miss
Go back and tell my father
I will find the killer
This
Why are you two here
We have to catch the real killer together
The three of us
not one of us can be missing
Right
Lao Li
Where is he
Do not worry
The general position is definitely right
Why is there nothing here
Should there not be a big altar here
That should not be
Could the killer have set this up
to lure us here on purpose
Attack east, strike west, to buy more time
Do not worry
It should be right here
We will definitely be able to find
the killer's exact ritual site
Is it that
Grave of Li Mudun
Wu Xian
It must have been Wu Xian
That sneaky rat who hides his head and shows his tail
only knows these petty tricks and fake mysticism
If you have got the guts, come out
Run, now
Go
This seventh lamp
decides the life extension
This lamp oil
must be refined from a villain's heart
The heart must still be beating
and be thrown straight into the secret jar to boil
only then will it be effective
You are awake
Good, you woke up
You can all witness
the success of the Seven-Star Lamp life extension
You want to ruin my secret art
I will kill you right now
Wu Xian
The Seven-Star Lamp life extension is evil sorcery
It cannot bring the dead back to life
You refused to be our witnesses to the marriage
and insist on destroying my secret art
I will strangle you right now
Yang Zong
Save me
Desensitization therapy has to go slowly
You have to overcome your inner block
If it is like this
then I resign
I trust Li Mudun
I quit too
You are awake
The Seven-Star Lamp life extension definitely works
Now it is time for you to witness it
Li Mudun
You are the last one for the Seven-Star Lamp life extension
Feels like a big surprise, does it not